[docs/www] tRPC explained from a REST API & Who is this for (#2597)
trpc/trpc: www/docs/main/introduction.mdx

If your project is built with full-stack TypeScript, you can share types **directly** between your client and server, without relying on code generation.

### tRPC explained from a REST API background (Express.js)

tRPC can co-exist with a REST API, as it uses a single endpoint, which is most of the time `/trpc`. On this specific endpoint tRPC will function as a router, meaning
every incoming request will tRPC redirect internally to the right handler. From this point of view, `@trpc/server` can be seen as router module you could use on top of the framework.

> like an Express router, tRPC also supports midlleware and registering handlers. On top of that, tRPC has built-in support for input and output validation. The real benefits of using tRPC is in the way it embraces typescript.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Like an Express router, tRPC also supports middleware and registering handlers. On top of that, tRPC has built-in support for input and output validation. The real benefits of using tRPC is in the way it embraces Typescript.
```

> In the frontend `@trpc/client` makes it possible to autocomplete all your endpoints. It guides you and your team which enpoints are available, including which input is needed and what output it returns.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the frontend, `@trpc/client` gives the developers autocompletion for the available endpoints, including what input is required to pass. It also infers the return type from the server.
```

Other benefit is the typesafety tRPC provides. In the case, you make breaking changes to one of the endpoints on the server, typescript will warn you in the frontend!

:::info adapters & examples
`@trpc/server` provides adapters for frameworks as Express.js and Fastify. We also provide example apps for how to use tRPC in combination with Express.js or Fastify.
:::

### Who is this for?

> - tRPC is for full-stack javascripters. It makes it dead easy to write "endpoints" which you safely use in your app.

Reviewer: typescripters ;)
